Pallas 	In the Hall of Heroes, there has forever been a legend.
It tells of a priest of devotion, fearlessness and heroism true, bestowed with the rare honor of bearing the Evergreen Ivy. Thus the priest protects the warriors who fight for Minos, until the Ivy wilts in hand...
Kal'tsit 	No natural plant can truly be evergreen in its triumph.
Pallas 	Ah, indeed, indeed! How fair a legend it is to hear, yet how cruel too!
They call it Evergreen, and why should it wither still?
Rangers 	Hah-hah, so legends usually go. No need to lose too much sleep over it, Miss Priest.
Come to mention it, I think I've heard a similar rumor in my time.
Pallas 	Oh? It must surely be a story just as riveting, then?
Rangers 	It's just something from my youngling years. Ah, it's been too long. The details escape me now.
Pallas 	Alas! Then it is truly a tale ancient to rival history's epics.
Rangers 	Hardly. I just remember a soldier from another land, who told us children plenty of stories.
I remember the soldier once referred to a dead branch that kept on sprouting new buds. It took your story to remind this old man of it.
Kal'tsit 	Did this soldier you mention come from Gaul?
Rangers 	Correct. No wonder you've heard tell, doctor.
How mighty Gaul was, in those days. And nobody ever speaks of it now... hah-hah, I think we've gotten sidetracked.
Part 2
Unlocked after entering the 3rd floor
Kal'tsit 	A dried branch.
New buds drawn from the most withered places, then rotting and wilting on the most vigorous leaves.
A forever growing stem, sterility and exuberance twisted together, the newborn portion devouring the dead as nourishment, the dead finding birth anew from within its own life.
Rangers 	It's odd for me to imagine, hearing this story again after so many years.
Pallas 	How miraculous...!
Kal'tsit 	It isn't just a story.
This branch exists in reality. I once witnessed it on the land of a celebrated Gaulish noble.
But all trace of it has been lost to the fires of war by now.
Pallas 	That truly is a shame. If ever I had the chance to see it for myself...
Rangers 	Ah. I'd think you'd be better off without, really.
Pallas 	And wherefore?
Kal'tsit 	I can answer that for you.
Rumors say that obtaining this branch means obtaining rebirth–obtaining eternal life.
Part 3
Unlocked after entering the 5th floor
Pallas 	Eternal life...
Kal'tsit 	The "Proof of Longevity." The name the Gauls assigned it.
Rangers 	It doesn't hurt to live a little longer, but longevity is its own topic.
I think I'm far, far enough gone from the woodlands by now. I couldn't go any further if I tried, and I wouldn't want to.
Kal'tsit 	Hmm...
Pallas 	Be that as it may, what of the fate of the Gaulish collector who possessed this miraculous branch?
Kal'tsit 	As far as I know, it never brought any holder any good luck.
The last holder was in a comical stage outfit when their foe impaled them. The first belted songs while going mad, and soon after fell from a cliff.
And in the most famous of all the rumors...
It's said the unlucky soul ate half their own body's flesh. Death by blood loss, in the end.
Pallas 	Oh, wellaway, wellaway...
Rangers 	I'm afraid nobody knows whatever the truth may be now, or whether those rumors are real or not.
There's always some types who believe they can outrun death, open their eyes again.
Pallas 	Longevity... ah, alas, such a lamentable miracle.
Our lives are finite, but the name that stands for faith in the people's hearts, it does not fade. It is immortal.
The hero's ardent yet pure life is an imperishable spark. Its fire will endure and burn long, yet who of those who light it would forever consume themselves?
Kal'tsit 	In practice, no one could. 